{"0": {"type": "@INPROCEEDINGS", "id": "8738596,", "author": "Y. {Wadadekar} and L. T. {George} and B. P. {Ratna Kumar} and I. {Chandra} and D. {Oberoi", "booktitle": "2019 URSI Asia-Pacific Radio Science Conference (AP-RASC)", "title": "The GMRT Archival Data Processing Project", "year": "2019", "volume": "", "number": "", "pages": "1-1", "abstract": "The GMRT Online Archive houses over 80 terabytes of interferometric observations obtained with the GMRT, since the first public observing cycle in 2002. The utility of this vast archive of raw UV visibilities, likely the largest of any Indian telescope, can be significantly enhanced if first look (and where possible, science ready) processed images can be made available to the user community. We have initiated a project to pipeline process GMRT images in the 150, 240, 325 and 610 MHz bands. The SPAM pipeline developed by Huib Intema is being used for this purpose.", "keywords": "astronomical telescopes;data acquisition;information retrieval systems;pipeline processing;GMRT archival data processing project;GMRT Online Archive houses;interferometric observations;public observing cycle;Indian telescope;pipeline process GMRT images;UV visibilities;Huib Intema;frequency 150.0 MHz;frequency 240.0 MHz;frequency 325.0 MHz;frequency 610.0 MHz;Pipelines;Data processing;Telescopes;Extraterrestrial measurements;Astrophysics;Radio interferometry;Time measurement", "doi": "10.23919/URSIAP-RASC.2019.8738596", "ISSN": "", "month": "March"}, "1": {"type": "@INPROCEEDINGS", "id": "6949264,", "author": "D. {Wadhwa} and P. {Dabas", "booktitle": "2014 5th International Conference - Confluence The Next Generation Information Technology Summit (Confluence)", "title": "A coherent dynamic remote integrity check on cloud data utilizing homomorphic cryptosystem", "year": "2014", "volume": "", "number": "", "pages": "91-96", "abstract": "Checking remote data integrity in climacteric cloud computing infrastructure is a valuable matter of concern. As the idea of cloud computing entered into a wide implementation today, data access becomes a major security issue. One of the various privacy concerns that are possibly taken into consideration relates to the maintenance of cloud data integrity. Directing users to check data integrity under public audibility is a task to be greatly considered. It is made through third party verifier who provides the client a proof whether the data placed on the server is altered or not. We proposed a dynamic data integrity checking mechanism in which the proof of correct data possession can be made from server on demand. Verifier, on behalf of the client can make a call to the server for verifying the correctness of the stored data, at anytime. This protocol is designed keeping the dynamic nature of cloud as the data placed on the server goes on changing very frequently. Thus, a dynamic data integrity approach is adopted here which includes the RSA encryption system as a method for public cryptosystem. A multiplicative homomorphic property, an idea towards integrity checking of cloud data, is implemented here. The beauty of applying and including the homomorphism property in our protocol is that, the proof can be generated by the third party verifier without having any clue of the original data. Our research is dually aimed at A) generating proof of correct data possession in a dynamic cloud environment B) providing high security of cloud data through homomorphic cryptosystem. The proposed technique is implemented in a very productive and cost effective manner. The testing results of the proposed work are propitious and favorable.", "keywords": "cloud computing;cryptographic protocols;data integrity;public key cryptography;proof generation;third party verifier;multiplicative homomorphic property;public cryptosystem;RSA encryption system;stored data correctness verification;server on demand;correct data possession proof;dynamic data integrity checking mechanism;climacteric cloud computing infrastructure;homomorphic cryptosystem;cloud data;coherent dynamic remote integrity check;Servers;Cloud computing;Protocols;Educational institutions;Ciphers;cloud computing;integrity checking;homomorphism;verifier;data possesion;RSA cryptosystem;dynamic cloud data", "doi": "10.1109/CONFLUENCE.2014.6949264", "ISSN": "", "month": "Sep."}, "2": {"type": "@INPROCEEDINGS", "id": "7530186,", "author": "D. M. {Menon} and N. {Radhika", "booktitle": "2016 International Conference on Circuit, Power and Computing Technologies (ICCPCT)", "title": "Anomaly detection in smart grid traffic data for home area network", "year": "2016", "volume": "", "number": "", "pages": "1-4", "abstract": "Strengthening of Smart Grid functionalities has become the need of the 21st Century. Security evolves to be the primary concern at the deployment level of Smart Grids. Cyber security threats and vulnerabilities in Smart grid Network needs to be addressed before the deployment of the Smart Grid. Our proposed intrusion detection scheme identifies anomalies in the Smart Grid traffic and detects attacks like flooding which causes Denial of Service in Smart Grid Networks. This paper applies k-Means algorithm for clustering of traffic data and outlier detection for the data transmitted between utility Centre and the Smart Homes. Performance of the algorithm has been compared with other clustering algorithms and the results were found to have higher percentage in anomaly detection.", "keywords": "computer network security;home computing;home networks;pattern clustering;smart power grids;anomaly detection;smart grid traffic data clustering;home area network;smart grid functionalities;cyber security threats;intrusion detection;denial of service;smart grid networks;k-means algorithm;utility centre;smart homes;clustering algorithms;Smart grids;Floods;Clustering algorithms;Intrusion detection;Computers;Smart meters;Smart Grid;Anomaly Detection;k-Means Clustering", "doi": "10.1109/ICCPCT.2016.7530186", "ISSN": "", "month": "March"}}